Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at updating the organization's profile.
I'm currently logged into GitHub as the "jasongtaylor" user,
and I'm on the "my-organization-example" organization’s profile.
As the organization's owner, you have access organization’s profile,
and can update its settings. From the profile page click on "Settings".
Like an individual user, the profile has many of the same types of settings
that you would normally associate with an Indi dual, including a profile picture,
name, email, and other information. Let's update the profile picture.
Click on "Upload new picture". I'm going to use a wave png
that I just downloaded off the internet.
Click open; I'm given the opportunity to crop the picture,
then, once you're happy with the crop, click "Set new profile picture".
Once that's done, we can continue down the rest of the profile page.
I'm going to use "The Example Organization" for its name,
"example@git.training" for the email address. For the description,
I'm going to use "This is an example organization for GitHub training".
I'm going to use the URL "http://git.training".
And, since I'm located in Florida, I'll set its location as Florida.
And the billing address, which is kept private, can be your own email address
that isn't associated, per se, with the email address for the organization, which is public.
Once you're done updating the profile, click "Update profile".
Great, now the profile has been updated. Let's do a quick review of the rest of the items
in the menu for the profile settings. Click on "Member privileges";
this allows us to allow members to create repositories in this organization:
by default they can. The default repository permission, that is when you invite
new members to the organization are given the read permission by default.
You can also update to "Admin", "Write", or "None".
None would only allow members to clone or pull public repositories.
And really, for public repositories, "None" and "Read" have similar effects.
The difference is, is that if you happen to have private repositories,
which again would require a paid membership to GitHub,
the read permission would allow read visibility to any private repos as well as public.
For now, I like keeping it at read. Team privacy, this allows us to make
global changes between making all of our teams visible or not.
Billing allows us to update our billing information, if we were in the mood to
change to a paid account. For now, I'm happy with keeping it as free.
Applications allow access through GitHub API;
third-party access is a little bit more advanced.
Audit log will show all the events that have happened in the organization.
The audit log also allows us to export,
which is available in "CSV" or "JSON" formats.
We can see here all the activity that has taken place since we created the organization.
And then, finally, Webhooks is an advanced topic
that relates to how repositories communicate with outside tools.
Click on the name of the organization to go back to the profile page.
So, as you can see, things have changed a bit since we updated our profile.
So now, instead of "my-organization-example", which is still up here in the URL,
the name of the organization is "The Example Organization",
which also has the description, our location in Florida,
the URL, and the public email address.